hello I'm Tyler good and I'll be showing
you my real canvas camera rig here I
just kind of a basic setup of a couple
of blocks so you can see the camera
working getting the camera onto the
scene is just the import of a Python
module and then you run the function to
start it up and then you have this this
is a polygon setup that is just made
there to approximate the look of a basic
boom if this is getting in your way in
any point in time you just have to go to
the base there and turn that visibility
on and off it's as simple as that all
the controls then are located on these
control curves you have the ability
movie it around rotate the camera from
this position and then generally the
aiming is going to be taken care of by
this locator although if you're ever in
a situation where you do feel that you
want to control the camera directly all
you have to do is turn off that aim
constraint variable but I'm not going to
be using that so we're not going to
worry about that quite yet so I'm just
going to show you how quick and easy it
can be to create a reasonably
interesting camera move in just about
under a minute so we're just going to
kind of hop straight in now
I'm gonna get it said we can see what
we're seeing through the camera give us
a nice low angle to approach these
random boxes one of the values that you
have the opportunity to manipulate is
the boom position that gives you a
chance to kind of slide this boom in and
out depending on where you want it you
can use that for a number of effects so
just like all of our curves there set
keyframes
take this along like that
coming here
all right tweaking here and there but
really I mean with the minimum amount of
effort we've got a somewhat enjoyable
and very easy to create camera effect
there that if you weren't using some
sort of breaks it up it would take you a
little while just to get certain get
everything working the way that it's
supposed to so that is that's real cams
thank you for watching